Clarify when safety may rely on correctness (#523)
rust-lang/nomicon: src/safe-unsafe-meaning.md

The need for all of this separation boils down to a single fundamental property
of Safe Rust, the *soundness property*:

**No matter what, Safe Rust clients can't cause Undefined Behavior.**

The design of the safe/unsafe split means that there is an asymmetric trust
relationship between Safe and Unsafe Rust. Safe Rust inherently has to
trust that any Unsafe Rust it touches has been written correctly.
On the other hand, Unsafe Rust cannot trust Safe Rust without care. It can

> trust Safe Rust dependencies but cannot trust Safe Rust clients.

Reviewer: Maybe it'd be better to describe what cannot be trusted a bit more specific.

```suggestion
On the other hand, Unsafe Rust cannot trust Safe Rust without care. It can
trust specific Safe Rust implementations, but not arbitrary Safe Rust chosen
or supplied by clients.
```

Author: What do you mean by "implementation"? My understanding is that it means a specific version of the code that implements an API. If that's true then Unsafe Rust can trust arbitrary implementations of the crates it depends on, it doesn't need to be a specific implementation.

If we want to be more specific, this could look like:
- Unsafe Rust can trust Safe Rust within its own crate (because the implementation is known and thus can be verified to be correct) and the crates of its dependencies (because, while unknown, the implementation is trusted to be correct).
- Unsafe Rust cannot trust Safe Rust within the crates of its reverse-dependencies (because the implementation is unknown and not trusted to be correct).

Not sure how to formulate this elegantly.

Author: I reformulated by avoiding both the word "dependencies" and "implementations", simply using the word "clients" in the opposite direction. Does this sound better?

Reviewer: Yeah the current looks great! What I meant is a bounded body of code that the unsafe code has chosen to rely on as part of its trusted base.

if integers and slices are broken, *everyone* is broken. Also, they're maintained
by the same people who maintain `BTreeMap`, so it's easy to keep tabs on them.

This difference also holds for arbitrary implementations of one very specific
dependency. Unsafe Rust in crate `foo` (which depends on crate `bar`) may rely on
Safe Rust in crate `bar` to be written correctly, regardless of the actual

> implementation.

Reviewer: How about this wording? I'd avoid using two words, dependency and crate in the same paragraph.

```suggestion
The same can be true across crate boundaries. Unsafe Rust in crate `foo` may
trust a specific Safe Rust implementation in crate `bar` when that is a
bounded piece of code that can be reviewed.
```

Author: The wording is much better, but the "specific implementation" issue from the other comment is still present. So I'll wait until we clarify that to update this part. Maybe "implementation" is more a general concept than I think.
